Mention removal of AndroidX Core (#4150)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/common/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

Slow and frozen frames are Mobile Vitals, which you can learn about in the [full documentation](/product/performance/mobile-vitals).

### AndroidX Support

> Sentry uses the AndroidX.Core library for detecting Slow and Frozen Frames. This is necessary for having an accurate result across all the Android OS versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry uses the AndroidX.Core library for detecting [slow and frozen frames](#slow-and-frozen-frames). This is necessary to produce accurate results across all Android OS versions.
```

> We check at runtime for availability, so if you're not using AndroidX.Core, you can remove it from Sentry's transitive dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We check for availability at runtime, so if you're not using AndroidX.Core, you can remove it from Sentry's transitive dependencies.
```

```Groovy
implementation ('io.sentry:sentry-android:{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android', '4.2.0') }}') {
    exclude group: 'androidx.core', module: 'core'
}
```

> Be aware that by removing this transitive dependency, the Slow and Frozen Frames won't work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be aware that by removing this transitive dependency, the Slow and Frozen Frames won't be reported.
```

> Be aware that by removing this transitive dependency, the Slow and Frozen Frames won't be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that by removing this transitive dependency, slow and frozen frames won't be reported.
```

> ### OkHttp library Instrumentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OkHttp Library Instrumentation
```
